friends here.
We're going to implement one simple python skit That is simply how to change current
working there A tree?
Si Chen yin current working there.
A tree with fight on is very easy.
Let me enter into my fight on three terminal.
Right?
And I'm going to import ways model.
Let me show you That weighs dot current working that everywhere we are,
we know we have ways dot Can't get current working that a distant tax already We have seen
all these indexes in our previous videos.
Right,
Fine.
Now suppose I want to move or change my current working directory to something.
Some location.
I'm giving some part.
I'm giving.
No,
it has been excluded.
Let me check it where we are.
No.
Get current working directory under rule.
Really?
See?
So if you write these three lines right,
then you're script is over.
But sometimes Well,
changing your directory,
you'll get some exceptions.
Let me show you them.
I suppose what I'm doing is changed out of three d.
C.
I will do one thing first,
So let me movinto temp on.
Let me create Haidar Txt on.
Let me create battery.
Fine.
No,
I'm entering into my five country.
Right.
Let's make sure this is by countries in taxes.
So how small?
Different 70 or pipe country?
I'm in.
Come back to bite on.
Right.
Find first,
let me import ways model.
Then ways don't get current working battery right?
Then I'm changing into suppose.
Root them now What is your current working directory?
Fine.
No,
Anywhere we are in route.
Um but just as in that you are in location,
but I'm trying to provide Ruto them and then high dot txt.
So hide architect is a file,
right?
We can't move into that.
I guess you probably by mistake that has the path to change right through your python.
Then you're going to get an exception.
What is that exception?
Northern Directory error,
Right?
Just to make a note on this so that finally will create complete straight.
So that is one of the exception you're going to get when you're going to get that Northern
Territory exception.
Know what I'm doing is where is dot changed at a tree?
Root em hello dot Txt?
See that?
I know what you're getting.
File not found it because actually,
whatever the part you're providing that is not present on your host.
In that case,
you're going to get exception in this way.
Right now.
Let me making note on this as well.
Then let me movinto one more than a tree.
So some was how?
Route 80 c.
So hedge TPD there.
How something file called cons?
No.
See there.
What is the exception?
You're getting about a mission?
ETA,
so permission denied.
Actually have a part,
but you don't have permission to enter into that data tree,
right?
So So changing Directory.
What?
King directory is very simple.
Simply ways not changed at a tree.
But why?
Working in your real time?
You will get these type off exceptions then.
But nobody feel writing a python skit.
It should work in all scenarios.
That's why you to think about all possibility exceptions.
No,
these are the possible the ex systems.
You exceptions.
You have for your change.
Definitely.
No,
you know,
divided by transcript.
Right?
So what I don't want to do is first Hannity input ways.
I first I'm going to implement this scripture in terms off.
I mean,
without functions.
Then after that,
I will show you in terms off simple function so that you will get practiced with your
functions as well.
Okay,
fine import ways.
So I'm going to read a required part from the user.
So required particles tojust use inputs impacts.
So entirely were change buttercream and that part two Change that.
A tree.
Nothing,
Right?
Just for the user understanding purpose.
We are giving this print Mrs.
So before went to change.
Let me print simply the current working directory Ease.
So you know how we can get with ways,
ways dot Get cwt,
then No days.
So you're going to get an exceptions,
right?
So you can easily handle with the prior and accept blocks.
So what I am doing is Hi.
So what I'm trying is ways dot Change your daughter three on a quiet pot.
So you're going to read the part from the input side,
right?
Monk is if it is works perfectly,
then I can drink Simply now.
You were new working Barrick three piece.
Then I can say simply ways don't get cwt.
But why changing your part while tending your garden?
You're going to get some exceptions,
right?
We already taken those exceptions.
No,
in case very first chance.
Let me take this one.
That given part is not existing.
Then then you're going to get this exception.
Then I'm handling this except in case file,
not phone error.
Then I can say simply,
Please verify given.
But are you in part?
Is not a valid parts given,
but is not a valid,
but that's it are.
Sometimes you're providing valid part,
but you're going to provide file parts,
then accept not a territory exception.
Then I can save drink given bought.
He's a file park.
So on change.
Working direct three.
So same information.
If you want to write,
you can also write anywhere file,
not phone.
And also that's it.
Right.
Then you have one more exception.
Even though if you provide value part violent territory part sometimes you may not have
access to enter in the dark directory,
then permission alot then printed simply Saudi.
You don't how access could change.
Okay,
you don't know access to access for the given,
but so go on change.
You can write any message whatever you want.
That's it.
Other than this,
in case you forget any other any new exceptions just to handle that exception except
exception as he let me print that exception.
In case if you get any new exceptions than you can handle them,
you can see them here so that in future it can our them right.
That's it.
I now let me exit from here,
and I'm going to write a simple pie transcript change that It would not be way.
That's it.
Now let me save it and help me on this with fight on three.
So I didn't provided,
uh,
she Bangla.
And if you want,
you can probably and that it weakened rate by giving execution permission,
you can run dark slash Okay.
Something out of how given wealth?
Yeah.
Two quotations.
Let me remove one quotation.
No,
it's fine.
So I'm going to provide Rudy de si now your new working that it reasonably DC Let me rely
on and I'm going to provide Wrote it.
This is something like X Weiser.
I'll see that given part is not a valid part.
So can change working directly.
No,
let me provide.
Who did he see are something like hedge duty Pretty than conference Sorry.
You don't know Access forgiven park so can change your contentedly So if you ever clearly
changing?
You are working there.
A tree is very simple court.
Where's dot change territory.
But while changing in your real time,
you'll get some exceptions,
so you have to ready to handle them.
So now we handle them in our core.
So busy is simply your simple by transferred.
But now I want to implement same script in terms off functions.
Anyway,
I'm not going to write a deep off functions simply,
I'm writing with a simple function.
So guys,
we know that it's better to start.
You were called always with,
if underscore underscore name.
The reason is,
but what if someone he's going to import your court at that time?
You can hide.
They were main logic.
They can use only one main function.
So that's it.
No,
let me simply right anyway.
Just import your model.
Surveyed our very first line right?
Then start with if underscoring the school.
Then write your main function.
So I have No,
I'm not going to write any number of functions.
I'm going to write only one function so inside of this function.
Just I'm writing this logic just for your understanding purpose.
That's it.
No,
let me provide indentations other ways you will get another.
I mean,
you'll get an inundation at a light.
That's it.
So now you're function Is woman anyway,
as off?
No,
I'm not expecting anything from your main function to your if condition that way simply at
the end.
I'm writing return None.
That's it.
So I commentary What previous court?
Same court.
Just I heard inside off your main function.
That's it,
Right?
So let's be clear,
but nobody for trying to write your court.
It's always very to start with the or if condition and then some.
Not only men you can take any functioning,
but generally will take me.
Just write that main function here.
That's it then.
Inside that you're right your la Z That's fine.
No,
let me run it.
So before going to run,
let me provide she Bangla in as well.
So this is my fight on location.
So I want to provide this that very first line in my court.
That's it.
No,
I'm going to provide execution permissions for my script.
I can done my script in this way.
No,
I'm providing permission denied part So I have some part on my host for each.
I don't know access.
We'll see that.
Okay.
So,
guys,
there's a simple way to handle it.
Were our script with exceptions.
Whenever if you want to change your working directory through your python script,
Okay?
Okay.
Thank you for watching this with you.